Cite other carpentries DL lesson in paper (#533)
carpentries-incubator/deep-learning-intro: paper.md

Also, these resources are intended to use for self-study. Our material can be used for self-study, but it is primarily developed for instructors to use in a workshop.
In addition, although a diverse range of online courses already exists, few are targeted towards academic researchers.

> There is another Carpentries lesson on deep learning: Introduction to artificial neural networks in Python (@carpentries-ann-python).

Reviewer: In case you change the BibTex above, this reference also needs to be adapted:
```suggestion
There is another Carpentries lesson on deep learning: Introduction to artificial neural networks in Python (@Pollard_Introduction_to_artificial_2022).
```

That lesson takes a different angle to deep learning, focusing on computer vision with the application on medical images. 

> Whereas this lesson is mere a general introduction to applied deep learning showing various applications and is more mature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whereas this lesson is a general introduction to applied deep learning showing various applications and is more mature.
```
